# SONiC+ Extensions Infrastructure
## Motivation
## Requirements
SONiC+ infrastructure must satisfy the requirements below to give the SONiC user the look and feel of the original SONiC image.
1. The service provider can build a SONiC+ docker without building SONiC image
2. User can download SONiC+ docker without building it
3. User can browse available SONiC+ docker
4. User can add a new SONiC+ docker repository
5. apt like utility to be provided in SONiC for managing SONiC+ dockers
6. CONFIG_DB integration - subscribe to CONFIG_DB
7. APPL_DB integration - write to APPLICATION_DB
8. ASIC_DB integration - SAI calls
9. Can provide a default configuration
10. Can start automatically after installation
11. Can be started automatically after a system reboot
12. Can perform a graceful shutdown/restart
13. Can restart upon config reload
14. Can write to SONiC log
15. Autogenerated CLI based on CONFIG_DB schema
16. Autogenerated REST API based on CONFIG_DB schema
17. Can verify a platform it's running on
18. Shares the SONiC network namespace
19. Must be built from the same base SONiC+ docker layer

The rest of the document provides with a means of satisfying those requirements.

## SONiC SDK docker
The process of providing a new SONiC+ service consists of two steps - building a SONiC+ docker and downloading and using it on a switch.
This section focuses on the first step.

SONiC has a set of libraries that provide us with tools for accessing configuration, calling SAI APIs, and logging (req. 6, 7, 8, 14).
Provided that there is a full blown development environment - sonic-buildimage, it is easy to build a new application that will use those libraries.
But there is no need to actually spend time and build the whole image just to compile a SONiC+ application (req. 1).

For that purpose, a SONiC SDK docker image is to be provided along with the SONiC image to give everyone an ability to set up a SONiC development environment in just seconds.
The required actions will be to pull the SDK image to the local machine
```
$ docker pull sonic/sonic-sdk:<release>
```
and use it as a base for the future SONiC+ docker's Dockerfile.
```
FROM sonic/sonic-sdk
```

The sonic-sdk docker has all the swss SDK libraries like libswsscommon, 
